Add trademark note for Build Scan in documentation (#18433)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/userguide/build-cache/build_cache_debugging.adoc

The log shows e.g. which source files constitute the `stableSources` for the `compileJava` task.
To find the actual differences between two builds you need to resort to matching up and comparing those hashes yourself.

Luckily, you do not have to capture this data yourself - the Build Scan™ plugin already takes care of this for you.

> Gradle Enterprise has the necessary data to diagnose the cache miss when comparing two different Build Scan™, and will show you the properties that caused a different cache key to be generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gradle Enterprise has the necessary data to diagnose the cache miss when comparing two different Gradle builds, and will show you the properties that caused a different cache key to be generated.
```

1. Use the scan list to find the scans to compare, selecting them by clicking the respective image:build-cache/compare-small.svg[compare,role="inline-icon",width="30"] or image:build-cache/compare-small-b.svg[compare b,role="inline-icon",width="30"] icon.
2. From a scan that you wish to compare with another, click the image:build-cache/compare-small.svg[compare,role="inline-icon",width="30"] icon at the top of the scan, then select the second scan by clicking the  image:build-cache/compare-small-b.svg[compare b,role="inline-icon",width="30"] icon from the list of scans.
3. Click the image:build-cache/previous-next-scan.svg[workspace,role="inline-icon", width="22"] icon in the header of a Build Scan™ to show previous and subsequent build scans of the same workspace, then click the image:build-cache/compare-small-b.svg[compare b,role="inline-icon",width="30"] icon next to the build you want to compare.

> 

Reviewer: Ugh, this section is full of references to just "scan" too and very outdated. (2) and (3) are completely different now.

Can we delete most of this and link to https://docs.gradle.com/enterprise/tutorials/task-inputs-comparison/?
